[Song]
[Applause]
Research,
Thai way of life, the land of the cave, this is bad, that is bad.   A comb's whisper,
[song] my dear,
aroused
[song],
not for a single day,
Aquarius,
breathing, the
Samrong accent,
never touched,
without clothing, the
enemy, a
disease of the masses.
By Chauway Man
Create a gangster story
[applause]
Conquer the enemy
to mold good people
[song]
Must have teeth, the
heavens read the Thai source.
Thai combs have Thai competitors, prominent caves, and ancient scriptures.
Even if I run away, don't push me away, you're
truly a Thai person!
[Applause]
[Song]
You won't die
[Song] Right?
You won't be gone.
Discipline, Vision
[Applause]
[Song]